today on the bench would that strongly
people speak Turkish we really
to be clear in the window and Ukraine
gold made in Ukraine will fall
Only here on technology Turkish this
completely different thing what does this mean
That means what makes the product pour out
from the wire which is empty inside as
Cybric is just a shell that give this
process he
products become wide but due to
voids inside they weigh very little
Respectively not so expensive
criteria how to distinguish products
hollow slabs and for starters I will say that
seller
if you ask show you cast
full-bodied style and he will answer you
the truth but to yourself. auto
I am a little competent in these matters
I will teach you at least visually
understand and here it is true
weighs 20 grams 20 grams for such
articles in this volume is not enough that
there is within each shift and empty for
account of this on the new will be aisin volume
little to be understood cast
full products on 22 true
looks like this in one weight 2 products
only 1 cast and full-fledged author , they
in their own interesting inside there is or
give the department a lot they have it can
not even the very first one is from
fragility when frayed
shell is something inside emptiness and link
crumbles like that Bismarck in
which is 14 grams cast full-bodied
what do you look like with 14 thunderous items
which are empty long
lightweight thrown away
another weave full weighted sheet
14 well there for the candles
a full and a full and weaving
completing the treatment go and this topic
for comparison, I can say that like this
Looks like exaggerated Bismarck one of his
6 grams himself is not a tyrant even
wider than cast 6 grams look wider
bulky not steps 14
but it looks like this
cast full-weight free 6 grams
it is complete if you already understand it
means that the wire is inside
full walls fly and and not thin
Respectively and rubbing me very
should serve it will be very long well
It looks like weaving 14
empty inside each link it consists
each of 4 coiled wires
wires inside is empty
only the shell looks like this on 14
grams and tourists and so here you
the difference is take the product in hand and
understand that with such a volume and weigh
20 grams
it means a lot with such volume
inside it would seem visually and visually
do you know when to take it in hand
be it really
of these phrases pussy
Here is the bracelet volume
interestingly with inserts on a small
the weight of the whole action
inside every link is empty if she
was victoria accordingly this
dawn and would weigh a lot but
would be very expensive and unlikely he was
would be available to the average buyer
and with such a weight of course you can
buy and wear and rejoice and
enjoy
Well, about here you have to light up
desire and cast full and goals and
here they know the advantages of this volume and not very
costly you know cons
partitions fine rubbing fast
I am so durable some product
but we are not interested and available in
combined with other flowers and lemon for
white red shot down
or just beautiful weaving
and